# October 8, 2014

### Participants

* Luke
* Josh
* Zack
* Tengo
* David

### Discussion + Tasks

* Tengo
  * Make account
  * Log in/out
  * User forgets username/password
  * Change username/password
* Josh + Ben
  * Add/remove feeds
  * Subscribe/unsubscribe to other feeder<br>
* Zack
  * Broadcast/conceal
  * Silence source from other feeder<br>
* Luke
  * Create/delete filter
  * Modify sources in filter
    * (sidenote) Filters are groups: The user will create a filter and add sources to it. The filters will be listed at the top of the screen where the user can click a filter to only see sources listed in that group.
    * (sidenote) (in the UI) Next to the default filter there is a button to add a new filter, which will open up an empty feed with the sources listed in the sidebar with checkboxes. Checking off sources will add them to the filter and populate the feed
    * (sidenote) default filters? potential feature
  * Modify color/theme<br>

__Other notes__

* Color wheel will be in the navigation column for easy theme change
* Subscribing adds a column immediately
* Users do not know when other users subscribe to them
* Potential future feature: better horizontal scrolling
* Idea for subscribing to users of other sites (that require an account to be able to view content): use an administrative account for that site to be able to view content from the site.


### Specification To-Do's (taken from assignment page)

* Name – name of the system including the authors and when it was last updated.
* Team Organization – The structure of your development team and responsibilities.
* Overview – a description of the system and disclaimer.
* Scenarios – how the system will be used.
* Non-Goals – the features that will not be implemented.
* Flowchart – a flowchart showing paths through the system and important screens.
* Screen-by-Screen – a screen-by-screen specification of the system.
